[dev-client]: update definition, add youtube video (#175)
expo/fyi: dev-client.md

# Expo Development Client

A **development build** is a debug build of your app that contains the `expo-dev-client` package. By using development builds instead of Expo Go, you gain full control over the native runtime, so you can install any native libraries, modify any project configuration, or write your own native code.

Learn more in 

> - our [docs](https://docs.expo.dev/development/introduction/) 
> - a [blogpost](https://expo.dev/blog/expo-go-vs-development-builds)
> - or watch the YouTube video below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Development build documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/development/introduction/) 
- [Blog - Expo Go vs Development Builds: Which should you use?](https://expo.dev/blog/expo-go-vs-development-builds)
- Or watch the YouTube video below:
```

Adding the docs section title and blogpost title is a small but could be significant SEO win for folks searching through search engines.
